https://medium.com/@amycao/should-i-have-kids-17bad134d636#.uwchx753d
My in-laws姻亲 are worried.

At least that’s what my husband Chris told me just now, half-joking. He was talking about a call with his parents, Stu and Ellen, who earlier this morning saw an article I shared on Facebook by the actress Joy Bryant on motherhood母亲身份, and her decision to forgo放弃;停止;对...断念 making and raising human beings.

Looking at the supportive comments and “Likes” on the Facebook post (the majority of them female friends and acquaintances熟人), I felt light and free for a moment thinking: wow, imagine if Chris and I really decide to focus on ourselves, our work, and each other instead of raising mini-me’s.

Among Chris’s friends, we’d be pretty average普通的. Many of the people he works with are enterprising有事业心的 and practical实际的, and way before we ever considered it an option, decided that children (marriage, even) wasn’t for them. And in my circle of friends, getting married last year meant I surrendered投降,屈服 my autonomy自治 and ovaries卵巢 earlier than most. If I decided to stop taking birth control this week, I’d be among the first of my best friends to risk parenthood——at thirty-two32岁! How refreshing. What a relief.

Considering and planning for parenthood is nothing new——not to me, not to anyone, it seems. After all, as women, our bodies are ready and able to make more of ourselves for perpetuity永恒. But though we’ve been raised抚育,抚养 to assume we should have kids, it’s never too late to challenge those assumptions假定,设想. And the first step to doing this is to ask where those assumptions come from in the first place.

I’ll use myself as an example.

Twelve-year-old me would’ve told you that she’d be married and have kids by age thirty. 
I believed it so deeply that I felt compelled迫使，强迫 to tell Chris mere weeks into our relationship. 
I was twenty-seven then; three years seemed to be enough time to date Chris, marry him, and get him pregnant by the big 3–0. 
That way, I could (almost) ensure I’d produce healthy babies and have my second child before I turned thirty-five. 
Forget traveling and writing “that book,” or in Chris’s case, building that company. Parenthood was the end game.

But what my 12-year-old self or even my 27-year-old self didn’t consider was that embracing motherhood at thirty would likely consume the years when I’m just starting to sink my teeth into work I believe in.
sink one's teeth into全身心投入

Now let’s consider the not-so-unusual circumstances情况 by which I arrived at my conclusion结论 that thirty was the year to make babies. 
In the late eighties上世纪八十年代, my parents feared that sending me to public school would mean that I’d spend more time avoiding bullies欺凌弱小者,土霸 than getting good grades. 
So despite my dad’s meager贫乏的 salary as a hotel room service waiter, they mustered聚集 up tuition学费 money and sent me to the nearest private school in Windsor Terrace, Brooklyn, a Catholic天主教的 school for kids in Kindergarten幼稚园 to eighth grade.

For a decade十年, I took part in all the teachings offered by a Catholic curriculum课程 until the age of fourteen when I eventually went to public high school (where, it’s worth noting, I did not get beat up暴打).

Most of my elementary初级的 school friends’ parents had them in their early twenties. 
(My mom, who had me at thirty, was on the older end of this spectrum范围.) 
Also, when you attend上(大学等) Catholic school, they really talk up priesthood神职 and sisterhood姐妹关系; 
altar祭坛 boys got special treatment — mainly, they got to skip class to prepare for mass. 
It’s no surprise then that I came to this conclusion: If I was not married by thirty, I would become a nun修女. 
Kids have funny ways of making sense of the world.

Even as I attained达到 adulthood成年期 and realized that I didn’t have to become a spinster未婚女人-nun, 
I could never shake动摇 the feeling that turning thirty was a bit like waiting for the Rapture: it’s all fun and games until the world ends. 
Still, I can’t blame责备 the Catholic church for my naiveté天真 entirely. 
There are plenty大量 of people who look at thirty as the finish line, and beyond it, the doomsday世界末日 trifecta三连胜式:
 “real life,” responsibility, and miniature微型的 human beings who absorb吸收 all of your life force to keep themselves sustained持久的.











